Revise Python language support section (#312)
bytecodealliance/component-docs: component-model/src/language-support/python.md

Component built successfully
```

## Running components from the example host

The following section requires you to have [a Rust toolchain][rust] installed.

{{#include example-host-part1.md}}

A successful run should show the following output
(of course, the paths to your example host and adder component will vary):

{{#include example-host-part2.md}}

[rust]: https://www.rust-lang.org/learn/get-started

See [`componentize-py`'s examples](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/componentize-py/tree/main/examples)
to try out building HTTP, CLI, and TCP components from Python applications.

## Running components from Python Applications

WebAssembly components can also be invoked from Python applications.

> This section walks through using tooling to call the [pre-built `app.wasm` component][add-wasm] in the examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section walks through using python native tooling to call the [pre-built `add.wasm` component][add-wasm] in the examples.
```
